Josh Peltz was on US Airways Flight 1549, which crash-landed in the Hudson River in New York in January 2009.
He had been in seat10 next to the emergency exit. 
A few minutes after take-off there had been a loud explosion. 
Everybody had gasped and there had been a few screams. 
Then, surprisingly, it had gone very quiet – everyone had been assessing the situation. 
It soon became obvious they had not been going back to LaGuardia Airport, they had been heading for the water. 
I had started thinking this had been it. 
He had thought about his wife, Tesa, and their two children. 
Then He had heard the announcement where the Capitan said,  “This is the Capitan, brace for impact”, and everything suddenly had got very clear. 
He had had to stop thinking about death and started thinking about what He had been going to do once the pilot had landed in the water. 
He had thought that  He had sat in this seat and he had got to get that door open
At about 300 feet, he had started reading the instruction. 
There haad been six steps, and He had read them two or three times, testing himself on each step and trying to imagine himself opening the door. 
Suddenly, they Had hit the water.  
It had felt like the worst car crash you could imagine. His first thought had been that that plane was sinking, they had to get everybody off as soon as possible.
Someone next to him had been trying to pull the door in and He had said that No, its got to go out”. Fortunately, He had just read that. 
He had managed to get the door open and He had grabbed the hand of a woman sitting next to him. They had walked out onto the wing, which had been sinking lower and lower. 
They had walked as far along as they had could to make room for other people. Everyone had been helping each other, it had been freezing, and nobody had had a jacket. 
Some people had been underwater to their waist. It had felt like half an hour before they had seen the first ferry. 
He had thought it could have been only five or ten minutes. 
He had been fourth onto the ferry, and he had started helping people onto the boat. 
Fortunately, everyone had survived the crash.
He had got through it by taking it one step at a time: had got the door open, through the door out, had figured out if you’re sinking. 
Just had kept on doing that until He had reached solid ground.
 Only then had made He gone into the men’s room and cry for a few minutes.

